Bump cpp-linter from 1.6.5 to 1.7.1 (#191)
cpp-linter/cpp-linter-action: README.md

#### `verbosity`

> - **Description**: This controls the action's verbosity in the workflow's logs. Supported options are defined by the [python logging library's log levels](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#logging-levels). This option does not affect the verbosity of resulting thread comments or file annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Description**: This controls the action's verbosity in the workflow's logs. Supported options are `info` or `debug`. This option does not affect the verbosity of resulting thread comments or file annotations.
  - The verbosity can also be engaged by enabling debug logs when [re-running jobs or workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/re-running-workflows-and-jobs).
```

- **Description**: A string of extra arguments passed to clang-tidy for use as compiler arguments (like `-std=c++14 -Wall`).
- Default: ''

#### `tidy-review`

> 

Reviewer: The clang-format reviews are pretty straight forward, the code is either properly formatted or it is not. But clang-tidy reviews are not yet completely finalized. If `lines-changed-only` is not `true`, then some clang-tidy concerns may not be shown to user in the PR reviews.

I could re-work the PR review comments again for this case or we can just flag the `tidy-review` input as
```suggestion

**Beta feature** 🚧

```

Personally, I'm partial to just calling it a beta feature and rolling it out for field testing.
